[music]
[birds tweeting]
[chuckles]
Hi there.
I'm sorry, I didn't
know that you were in here.
I thought you was in the other room.
I was just looking for
some place to do my yoga.
I usually do it here, but...
[Emmanuel] Don't worry about it.
This is your house, so go ahead.
[Veronica] Thank you so much.
Anyways, I wouldn't be bothering you.
Wow.
She look really good, huh?
Yes, she's so sexy.
I see you guys like what I'm doing.
You could enjoy or come close to me.
[moans]
Oh, yes, please.
Come with us.
Yeah, come on.
[chuckles]
Oh, yeah.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Oh, my god!
Oh, you make me freaking hard.
Yes. Oh, my god, get totally naked.
Oh, my god!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
I think she can show us a nice...
pretty butthole.
-Yeah, you can play with my friend.
-Yeah.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
-Oh, yes!
-Oh, yeah!
Oh, yes!
-[speaking foreign language]
-Oh, yes!
Oh, yes!
Que rico indeed.
Oh, yeah, I wanna feel your
mouth on my cock like that.
Oh, yes!
[moaning]
Oh, fuck!
Oh, I love your pussy.
-Oh, yeah, finger it like that.
-Oh, yes!
[moaning]
[Lorenzo] Oh, my god!
-Oh, yeah!
-Oh, my god!
[moaning]
Oh, yeah, like that.
Oh, yeah, like that. Yes!
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Oh, fuck!
[hisses]
Oh, my god!
-Oh, yeah!
[Lorenzo] Yes!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes, I love your mouth.
[moaning]
-Oh, yes!
-Oh, yes, we have a party here.
-Oh, yeah!
-[Lorenzo] Yes, yes, yes.
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Lorenzo] Fuck!
[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah!
[moaning, deep breathing]
[Lorenzo] Oh, fuck!
[moaning]
[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah!
[Lorenzo] Oh, baby, yes.
[moaning, deep breathing]
[Lorenzo] Yes!
[Lorenzo] Oh, my god!
[hisses]
[exhales deeply]
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Wow, guys.
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes! There you go.
-Oh, yeah!
-You just let it juggle.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Lorenzo] Yes!
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
What a lady.
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes.
[Lorenzo] Yes!
-Yeah!
-[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah!
[speaking foreign language]
-Oh, yeah!
-What a pretty asshole.
Yeah, just give me that.
I want to taste yours.
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
[Lorenzo] Oh, my god! Oh, yes!
[Lorenzo] Oh, fuck!
-[Lorenzo] Oh, fuck!
-[speaking foreign language]
I wanna taste you too.
Oh, yeah?
[moaning]
-[Emmanuel] Good idea.
-Oh, yes!
-[speaking foreign language]
-Yeah, suck my dick.
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes!
[chuckles]
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah!
-[Emmanuel] So nice of you.
-[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
[Emmanuel] Oh, fuck!
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes!
[Emmanuel] Oh, my god!
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
Oh, yes, like this, I love that.
[Lorenzo] Oh, fuck!
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes, spit on those dicks.
[moaning]
[Lorenzo] Such a good lady.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Emmanuel] Nice boobies.
[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah, I wanna fuck, yeah.
[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah!
[Emmanuel] Oh, you're fucking her mouth.
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
[choking]
[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah, Ms.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Emmanuel] You're so good.
[moaning]
[slurping]
[Emmanuel] There you go.
I love it when you're like this.
[Emmanuel] Oh, fuck yes.
[Emmanuel] Yes!
[moaning, deep breathing]
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes! Oh, yes! Oh, yeah!
[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah!
[Emmanuel] So fucking good, yes.
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes, get those balls too.
[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
[Lorenzo] Oh, good lady.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Emmanuel] Oh, thank you so much, Ms.
[moaning]
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
-Yeah!
-[Emmanuel] Oh, you can suck us both.
-[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah.
-[Emmanuel] Wow.
[Emmanuel] Oh, fuck!
[chuckling]
[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah,
let's see what we're working with.
-You guys are great.
-[Emmanuel] Thank you.
[moaning]
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes, I love my job.
[Emmanuel] Yeah?
[moaning]
Oh, you do.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Emmanuel] Oh, my god! Yes, smell it.
[Emmanuel] Yes, smell that dick.
Yes, smell it.
[Emmanuel] Good, huh?
[chuckling]
And you.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Emmanuel] Oh, fuck!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Emmanuel] Oh, fuck yes. Sweet lady.
-Is he?
-[Emmanuel] Mm-hm.
[Emmanuel] Try to get them both.
[Emmanuel] Yeah, right.
[Emmanuel] Right.
[chuckles]
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes! Yes!
Yes!
[Emmanuel] Yeah!
[Lorenzo speaking foreign language]
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
[Lorenzo] Let's do this, madam.
Oh, come, baby.
Yes!
-Thank you so much.
-Oh, my god!
Oh, yes!
Oh, my god!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Oh, thank you.
[moaning]
Oh, god.
Oh, yes, nice.
[moaning]
Yes!
Oh, yes!
[speaking foreign language]
[moaning]
Oh, my god!
[slurping]
Oh, yeah!
[moaning]
You're so cool.
Oh, my god!
-Oh, you can spit on my dick if you want.
-Yes.
[speaking foreign language]
Yes.
-Yes?
-It's going in slowly, slowly.
-Yes! Oh, yeah! Now we good.
-Oh, I want your fucking fingers.
-Now it's open.
-Yeah, of course.
Oh, yes, now it's fucking good.
-Oh, my god!
-Oh, my goodness.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Oh, yes, so fucking good.
Oh, my god, look at that.
[chuckles]
Oh, yes!
Oh, yes.
[moaning]
Yes!
[hisses]
-Oh, yes!
-Oh, let me get on this.
Yeah!
[moaning]
Just like that, yes.
-Oh, Jesus, yes.
-Yes, yes, yeah?
Yes!
Oh, fuck!
Oh, fuck! Oh, my god!
Oh, that's it.
That's it.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Keep playing.
This is so delicious, my ass.
-Let me just get, play with myself.
-Oh, yes, come, come.
-Oh, come, baby.
-Yes!
[giggles]
Uh, come on, I wanna keep tasting your—
Yes, put it in.
-[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
-[Lorenzo] Yes!
[Emmanuel] Oh, my god!
[Emmanuel] Oh, fuck!
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
-[Emmanuel] Oh, fuck!
-[Lorenzo] Oh, my god!
[Veronica moaning]
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes!
[Veronica] Oh, my god!
-[Lorenzo] Oh, so fucking good.
-[Veronica speaking foreign language]
[Lorenzo] Oh, that's nice.
[Veronica] Yeah! Oh, my god!
[Veronica] Oh, Jesus Christ.
[Emmanuel] Fuck! Yes!
[moaning]
[Emmanuel] Yes!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Oh, yes!
-Oh, yeah!
-Oh, nice lady.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Are you having a good time?
I am.
This is so fucking delicious.
Oh, it's delicious, huh?
-Yes, it is.
-Oh, you like it, huh?
It's so fucking good.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
Oh, my goodness.
-Oh, fuck, that is huge.
-Oh, yes!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
-Oh, yes! Oh, yeah, like this.
-Oh, yes, suck me.
-Nice.
-Oh, yes!
-Oh, my god, you're so—
-How does it feel?
I feel everything, darling,
all of it is inside.
[moaning, deep breathing]
Oh, my god!
Oh, fuck!
Oh, so fucking good.
Oh, yes, yes.
[moaning]
Oh, yeah!
Oh, fuck!
[moaning]
Yeah!
Oh, yeah!
[moaning]
-Yeah!
-Oh, god.
Oh, dear. Oh, that's so awesome.
[moaning]
-Oh, yes! Oh, take it.
-Oh, my god! Oh, my god!
Oh, yes!
Oh, please suck the cock.
Oh, my goodness, goodness, goodness,
goodness, goodness, goodness, goodness.
Oh, it's so good.
[groaning]
Oh, fuck!
Oh, yeah!
[moaning, deep breathing]
Nice.
Yes, it's so delicious.
It's so good, guys.
That's what you were begging for, uh?
Yes, that's what I was
looking for when I was there.
-Oh, yes.
-Yeah, we understood.
-Oh, fuck!
-Yeah!
Oh, yes!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
-Oh, yeah!
-You have nice titties too.
Oh, my god!
-Oh, my god!
-Oh, give it to me.
It's so fucking good.
Oh, yes, it's so good.
-Yes, baby.
-Oh, god.
-Yeah!
Oh, fuck!
-Oh, my god!
-Oh, you animals.
Oh, my god!
Oh, yes!
Oh, yeah!
[moaning, deep breathing]
Oh, I love your ass, baby.
Oh, fuck!
-Oh, my god!
-Oh, yes!
Oh, my god! Oh, my god!
-Oh, my god! Yes, yes, yes, yes.
-Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Oh, my god!
Oh, fuck!
Oh, yes!
Oh, that's tight, yes.
Oh, yeah!
Oh, fuck!
-Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
-Fuck indeed.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Oh, fuck!
-Jesus Christ.
-Oh, yeah!
-Oh, fucking god.
-Oh, fuck!
Oh, yes!
Is that good?
It is so fucking good, guys.
-You're just gonna get—
-We're taking good care of you?
-You are.
-Oh, yeah?
[Emmanuel] Show me that beautiful ass of
yours and you can suck my friend as well.
[Veronica] Oh, yes!
-[Emmanuel] There's good, good interaction
-I wanna try.
[Emmanuel] right here.
I'm gonna try my delicious.
[Emmanuel] Can I, can I, oh,
can I try that asshole of yours?
-Oh, yes!
-Of course.
[Emmanuel] Okay, okay, okay.
-[Emmanuel] Let me try.
-Oh, my god!
Oh, my goodness, yeah, this is, uh...
[Emmanuel] It's all right?
Everything is all right.
-I mean it's so delicious.
-[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah, perfect.
[Emmanuel] Oh, I'm having a good time.
-[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
-Oh, fuck! Oh, yeah!
[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
-[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
-That's good.
[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
Oh, yes!
Oh, yeah, guys.
[groaning]
-Oh, fuck yes.
-[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes, fucking good.
-Dios santo but it's so fucking big.
-[Emmanuel] Yes, yeah, just like that.
[Emmanuel] Oh, fuck yeah.
[groaning]
You're deep too, baby.
-[Emmanuel] Yes, yes, yes, yes.
-Too deep.
Fuck me deep in the ass.
[Emmanuel]
Oh, yes!
-[Emmanuel] Do you want more? Yeah?
-[Lorenzo] God.
[moaning]
Jesus.
Oh, my god! Si, yes, yes.
-Oh, yeah!
-[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
Yeah!
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes, yes, yes.
[Emmanuel] Wow.
Oh, si.
Oh, yes! So fucking good, yes.
[Emmanuel] Oh, that's good,
stuck my friend, yeah.
Oh, yes, ladies.
Oh, yes, baby. I love that tongue, yeah.
[Emmanuel] Oh, she's a good woman.
[Emmanuel] She's a good woman.
[groaning]
-Si, si, si, si.
-[Emmanuel] Si, si, si, si.
[Emmanuel]
Oh, yes!
Oh, yes, continue, baby.
Yes, continue. Oh, yes,
yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Oh, my god, yes.
[gagging]
Fuck!
What a good girl you are, huh?
Yeah!
Oh, fuck!
Oh, that's really so freaking good.
It feels so fucking good indeed.
[moaning]
-Oh, fuck your ass. Oh, my fucking god!
-[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
I got it.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
-Guys, you're so fucking good.
-Yes!
[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
[moaning]
-Oh, yeah!
-[Emmanuel] Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Oh, yes, so fucking good.
[Emmanuel] Oh, my god! Oh, yes!
-Oh yes, yes.
-[Emmanuel] She's a good sucker?
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes.
[moaning]
[Emmanuel] Oh, wow.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Lorenzo] Oh, my god!
[Lorenzo] Oh, she fuck my, my—
[Emmanuel] Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, she love it, she loves it.
[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
[Lorenzo] Oh, fuck.
[moaning]
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes!
[Lorenzo] Oh, I loved that.
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes, I love that.
[Lorenzo] Oh, my god!
Oh, que rico.
-[Emmanuel] Que rico indeed.
-Si, you guys.
Both of you are so wonderful.
I like to have you both...
-[Emmanuel] Really?
-at the same time, yeah.
[Emmanuel] Oh, you feel that?
[Emmanuel] How do you feel about it?
[Lorenzo] Two cocks in her.
-[Veronica] Maybe.
-[Emmanuel] Maybe you can jump on my friend.
[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah!
Oh, yes!
Come, come, come.
Oh, yes! Oh, my god!
-I love, I like how you guys—
-Oh, fuck yeah.
Okay, hey.
-How you grab me like a little—
-[Emmanuel] Yes!
Oh, my god!
[Emmanuel] Oh, look at that.
[Lorenzo] Oh, fuck her, buddy, yeah.
Oh, your dick is so wonderful.
I love it so much.
[Emmanuel] I'm gonna
get in there as well then.
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
Let me get you some...
[Emmanuel] Sure, sure.
some spit.
-[Emmanuel] Your desire is our wishes.
-Oh, Jesus Christ.
-Oh, fuck yes.
-[Emmanuel] Oh, fuck, indeed.
-Oh, yes!
-[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
-Fuck! Oh, yes!
-[Lorenzo] Oh, fuck!
[moaning]
[Emmanuel] Oh, fuck!
[speaking foreign language]
Oh, god.
[groaning]
-Oh, you guys are so...
-Oh, yes, yes, yes.
sexy.
Oh, yeah!
[speaking foreign language]
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Oh, si.
-Put it in, put it in.
-[Emmanuel] Sure, sure, sure.
[Emmanuel] I totally will, madam.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
You're so polite.
[groaning]
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
[Emmanuel] Oh, fuck!
-[Emmanuel] Fucking deep.
-[Lorenzo] Oh, yes! Oh, my god!
Yes!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[speaking foreign language]
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
-[Lorenzo speaking foreign language]
-[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes.
Oh, yeah, let me put it in.
[Emmanuel] Put it into your asshole.
Oh, a little bit up.
-Oh, si.
-[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
Oh, si, si.
-[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
-Oh, destroy my butthole.
-[Emmanuel] Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
-Si, si, yes, yes.
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
[Lorenzo] Oh, fuck!
[Emmanuel] Fuck, indeed.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes!
[Veronica] Oh, my god!
-[Lorenzo] Fuck!
-[Emmanuel] Put it back, buddy.
[Veronica speaking foreign language]
-[Lorenzo] Come little up?
-[Emmanuel] Yeah, yeah.
-[Lorenzo] Yeah, take it.
-[Emmanuel] Yeah.
[Lorenzo] Yeah!
[Lorenzo] Oh, fuck!
[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah! Oh, yes!
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes!
[Veronica] Oh, yeah!
[groaning]
[Lorenzo] Oh, my god! Oh, yes! Oh, fuck!
Rico, que rico, si, muchachos.
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
[speaking foreign language]
Yes!
-Oh, si, si, si, si, si.
-[Lorenzo] Oh, si, si, si, si, si, si, si.
Yes!
[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
[moaning]
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes, give me that butthole.
Oh, si.
[groaning]
-Oh, dios santos.
-[Emmanuel] Oh, yes, yeah.
[groaning]
[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
[moaning, deep breathing]
[groaning]
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes!
[Lorenzo] Oh, fuck!
[Lorenzo] Looking good.
[Lorenzo] Awesome. Fuck!
[moaning]
[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
Ah, you guys, you guys, you guys,
you guys are gonna me me—[moans]
Yeah?
[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah!
[Emmanuel] Yeah,
you little bitch. Oh, go ahead.
[Emmanuel] Thank you.
Thank you for being so polite, my friend.
[groaning]
-Oh, my god!
-Oh, yeah!
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes!
Oh, my god!
[Emmanuel] Yes, yes, yes.
Oh, you guys.
[Lorenzo] Oh, fuck!
[Emmanuel] Oh, yes!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[speaking foreign language]
[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah!
-Oh, yeah!
-[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
-[Emmanuel] Come suck the dicks a bit.
-[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
[Emmanuel] Oh, fuck!
Oh, yes!
[moaning]
[Emmanuel] Oh, my god!
Oh, fuck yeah.
[chuckles]
[moaning, deep breathing]
Oh, yes!
[Emmanuel] Oh, such a good girl here.
Yes, baby.
Oh, yes.
Yeah, such me so deep.
Oh, fuck!
-Oh, yeah!
-Yeah!
[Emmanuel] Yeah!
Oh, yeah!
-Oh, come here.
-[Emmanuel] How do you wanna fuck?
[Emmanuel] How do you wanna fuck us?
-Oh, yeah!
-[Emmanuel] Do you wanna jump on,
-[Emmanuel] on my friend?
-Yeah, swap with me.
-On me, on me? Okay.
-On you.
-Yeah, go change, go change.
-Yeah, get your pussy for a change.
Oh, this way, right here.
-[Veronica] Where?
-Here.
Put it inside your beautiful pussy.
[Veronica] Yes.
[Veronica] Oh, just get a little bit of...
-Do that, yes.
-[Veronica] lubrication.
-Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
-[Lorenzo] Oh, my god!
Make yourself comfortable.
[chuckles]
Oh, I can feel it in.
Yes, be comfortable.
[Lorenzo] Yeah?
Okay.
-Wait.
-Yeah?
Yeah. Right there.
Oh, yes!
Oh, come on. Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Oh, my god, look at that.
Oh, yeah!
-No?
-Take your time with it.
Oh, yes!
Nice. Okay.
-Oh, yeah!
-Let's see that.
Yeah!
Oh, yeah!
-[speaking foreign language]
-Yeah! Yeah!
Yes, it's so fucking good.
Oh, guys.
Oh, yes!
Yeah, keep cumming for us.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Oh, yes!
Oh, yeah!
-Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
-Oh, yeah!
Yeah?
[Lorenzo] What's up, huh?
You want your ass opened?
Yes, I think she did.
-Just a little bit.
-Oh, yeah, just a little bit.
[speaking foreign language]
Yes, put it.
Why did you take it off?
I will not take it off again.
-Put it in.
-Oh, yes!
Yeah, join, join, join.
Ah, wait.
Wait, wait, it did remove.
Oh, yes, I know, yes.
[Veronica] Oh, this is
one of the best poses.
This is bueno, huh?
Si, it's super good.
-[Veronica] It's super delicious, guys.
-Thank you.
[Veronica] You are so wonderful.
I saw you and I was like, oh.
So are you.
-Oh, I can see you are.
-No, no, no.
[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah!
Oh, yes!
Yes!
-Oh, fuck!
-Oh, chicos.
Oh, yeah!
-Oh, and this is so good.
-Oh, baby.
This is so dirty. Oh, si.
Oh, fuck yeah.
Oh, yeah!
It's so good.
Oh, yes!
Oh, you're the perfect duo.
-Oh, thank you.
-Oh, yeah!
-You're the perfect lady.
-Yeah?
Oh, yes!
-Oh, yes, just like that.
-Oh, god.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Oh, yes!
Oh, yes, slowly now.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Ah, yes, yeah, that's slow and deep.
Yes, slow and deep.
Oh, yes!
-Oh, yes!
-Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yes!
Oh, my god!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Yes!
-Yes, yes.
-Oh, my god! Yes, yes, yes.
-It's so fucking good, I wanna taste it.
-Oh, yes!
Oh, yes!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Oh, yes!
Oh, my god!
-Fuck yes.
-Si, si, si.
[Lorenzo] Oh, my god!
-Yes!
-[Lorenzo] Do you want that again?
[moaning]
Come on.
Come here.
[moaning, deep breathing]
[speaking foreign language]
[moaning]
Oh, fuck!
Yes!
-Oh, si.
-Oh, fuck!
Oh, yes!
Oh, yeah!
[deep breathing]
[moaning]
Oh, she's happy, yes.
She's happy with us, huh?
[groaning]
Oh, yes, my god.
-I want it in my asshole.
-Oh, yeah!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Lorenzo] Yes, there you go.
No, this is good.
-[Lorenzo] It's good?
-Yes, it's good.
Yeah!
Yeah, that's good? That's good?
[speaking foreign language]
[moaning]
I love how you guys fuck me.
Oh, lord, yes.
Yeah?
Oh, yes!
Oh, chicos, yes.
[moaning]
-Oh, fuck yeah.
-Oh, yeah!
-Oh, fuck!
-[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah!
[Lorenzo] Oh, fuck!
[groaning]
Such a good lady here.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Oh, put it in.
Always more, huh?
[laughs]
Oh, yeah!
[moaning, deep breathing]
Always, always. Long and deep, please.
Ah, it's long and deep.
-[Lorenzo] Like this. Like this.
-Long like that.
-[Lorenzo] Right there.
-Uh-huh.
[moaning]
Oh, yeah!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Yes, we're close, yes.
-Fuck yes, fuck.
-Yes!
[Lorenzo] Yeah, baby.
-Oh, freaking god, yeah.
-[Lorenzo] Fuck yeah.
Yes!
[moaning]
Oh, fuck!
-Yeah!
-Oh, Jesus.
Oh, yeah!
[heavy breathing]
Oh, Jesus.
Ah ya yai.
Ah ya ya ya ya ya ya ya yai.
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
Oh, yes!
So nice.
[moaning]
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
[Lorenzo] I'm gonna cum.
-[Emmanuel] Give me your ass.
-[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah, this ass.
[Lorenzo] Yeah!
[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
[Lorenzo] Yes!
[Emmanuel] I'm gonna cum in your asshole.
[groaning]
[Veronica moaning]
[Lorenzo] Oh, fuck!
[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah!
[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah, it's fucking hot.
-[Lorenzo] Oh, yes!
-[Veronica] Oh, yeah!
[Lorenzo] Oh, fuck!
[Lorenzo] Oh, yeah!
-[moaning]
-[groaning]
-[Veronica] Oh, yes!
-[Emmanuel] Oh, yeah!
[Emmanuel groaning]
[Veronica giggles]
-[Veronica] Oh, my god! Oh, my god!
-[Emmanuel] Yes, indeed.
[Veronica] Wow.
-[Veronica] Okay.
-[music fades in]
[Emmanuel] Oh, thank you.
[music continues]